[DX-1722]  Deprecation announcement (#5643)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/basic-config-and-security/security/authentication-authorization/openid-connect.md

  - /advanced-configuration/integrate/api-auth-mode/json-web-tokens
---

{{< note success >}}
**Note**  

> This will be deprecated from 5.7.0. To avoid any disruptions, please switch to JSON Web Token (JWT) for authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tyk's dedicated OpenID Connect Authentication middleware will be deprecated from Tyk 5.7.0. Tyk's [JSON Web Token (JWT)]({{< ref "basic-config-and-security/security/authentication-authorization/json-web-tokens#about-jwts" >}}) authentication method also allows you to integrate with an OIDC provider, so the dedicated OIDC middleware will be deprecated to reduce duplication and potential for misconfiguration.
```
